update circuits to float40 (#49)
hermeznetwork/docs: docs/developers/protocol/hermez-protocol/circuits/circuits.md

Join all transactions and process them. This includes, decode all possible transactions, process them and distribute all the fees through fee transactions.

> It is important to note that the templates included in this main circuit are intended to be computed in parallel. Meaning that the output of the very first transaction could be computed as it's output is not necessary to compute the next transaction. Then, all transactions could be computed in parallel. In order to achieve that, it is needed to supply intermediate signals to allow modules parallelization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note that the templates included in this main circuit are intended to be computed in parallel. Meaning that the output of the very first transaction could be computed as its output is not necessary to compute the next transaction. Then, all transactions could be computed in parallel. In order to achieve that, it is needed to supply intermediate signals to allow modules parallelization.
```

  - verify state exist in the exit tree root given the siblings
  - compute `hashGlobalInputs`

> > It should be noted that this circuit is heavily attach with the [hermez smart contract](developers/protocol/hermez-protocol/contracts/contracts?id=hermez-smart-contracts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It should be noted that this circuit is heavily attached to the [hermez smart contract](developers/protocol/hermez-protocol/contracts/contracts?id=hermez-smart-contracts)
```
